docs:  Added clarification for onStart, onFrame, onComplete event listeners (#1671)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/components.md

Example:

```dart
await

> animation.completed;

Reviewer: Why are these on two lines? :thinking:

Author: I don't know, thats how it was when I pulled it and I just left it be.

Reviewer: It's not like that on `main` so you probably accidentally put a new line there.

Author: Nah, its the darn auto format.  I just fixed it and it immediately put it back on two lines.  I had to disable the auto-formatter.  Maybe its out of date.

doSomething();

// or alternatively

animation.completed.whenComplete(doSomething);
```

Additionally, this component also has the following optional event callbacks:  `onStart`, `onFrame`,
and `onComplete`. To listen to these events, you can do the following:

> ```dart
> 
> final animation =
> SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
>   ..onStart = () =>
>   {
>     //do something};
>   };
> 
> final animation =
> SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
>   ..onComplete = () =>
>   {
>     //do something};
>   };
> 
> final animation =
> SpriteAnimation.spriteList(spriteList, stepTime: 1, loop: false);
> animation.onFrame = (
> index) {
> if(index===1){
> //do something for the second frame
> }
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```dart
final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onStart = () {
        //do something};
      };

final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onComplete = () {
        //do something};
      };

final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList(spriteList, stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onFrame = (index) {
        if (index == 1) {
          //do something for the second frame
        }
      };
```

Fixes syntax errors and formatting

```

## SpriteAnimationGroup

`SpriteAnimationGroupComponent` is a simple wrapper around `SpriteAnimationComponent` which enables

> your component to hold several animations and change the current playing animation in runtime. As
> this component is just a wrapper, the event listeners can also be implemented as detailed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your component to hold several animations and change the current playing animation at runtime. Since
this component is just a wrapper, the event listeners can be implemented as described in
[](#spriteanimationcomponent).
```

```dart
await animation.completed;

doSomething();

// or alternatively

animation.completed.whenComplete(doSomething);
```

Additionally, this component also has the following optional event callbacks:  `onStart`, `onFrame`,
and `onComplete`. To listen to these events, you can do the following:

```dart
final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onStart = () {

>         //do something};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Do something on start.
```

      };

final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onComplete = () {

>         //do something};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Do something on completion.
```

      };

final animation =
    SpriteAnimation.spriteList([sprite], stepTime: 1, loop: false)
      ..onFrame = (index) {
        if (index == 1) {

>           //do something for the second frame

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          // Do something for the second frame.
```
